Help for designing a maze can be found in the mdesign.dvi file in
the Doc directory.

William Chuang evaluated most of the mazes made at athena.  I edited
the list down, removing the worst of the lot, and present you with the
following list:

Combat + War
Mazes should have the players in close/semi-close contact, separated by an
average of 4-6 squares at most.  This is to make for an interesting game,
instead of a run-around-chase-them sort of stuff.  For this reason, I didn't
like a lot of the super-large mazes which blocked off huge areas.
I also didn't like too many armors, weapons, outposts, or walls.
Fuels are ok, and many walls are ok if enough of them are destructible.

DJCmaze1	Combat	8	interesting idea (for many players)
simple		Combat	8	like it says, meant for long term fights
hotbox		Combat	7	Depends on # of players, just general melee...
ice		Combat	7	Slippery, A/F/W with outposts.
				General get to the armor melee.
four		Combat	7	Small and simple good for Heat seeker battles
karena		Combat	7	Combat in several areas.  Mid-square areas
				could be eliminated.  Corner boxes allow
				interesting protection.  Lack of armor is good
heinous		Combat	7	Some interesting areas.  Armor is in the right
				position.  Weapons aren't
Ninemare	Combat	7	tough, but big
Riverworld	Combat	7	some points are too far away from the action
Wasteland	Combat	7	just combat
shack2		Combat	7	Better on the armors, really spread out and
				destructible walls.  Some neat places, but
				mostly hunt and destroy.
Quadrant	Combat	7	Close combat
Quadrant2	Combat	6	More combat, not so close, too far
City		Combat	5	not bad... too spread apart sometimes
City1		Combat	5	City without outposts
CityII		Combat	7	City with destructible walls
SuperCity	Combat	7	City maze with almost all walls destructible
DJCmaze2	Combat	5	should have outposts in open area
DJCschool	Combat	6	not bad, but needs >4 players
Deadly		Combat	5	totally heinous, and ridiculous too...
Duel		Combat	6	sort of neat
Duel1		Combat	6	sort of neat
Dumbarton	Combat	6	sort of neat
Hell#		Combat	6	too big.  Weird
Hell2		Combat	6	almost the same
Labyrinth	Combat	6	okay
Nuke		Combat	6	spiral around center with A/F/W
Zoo		Combat	6	Very random, like a zoo
combat1		Combat	6	some areas are just not in the right place,
				but it's okay.  City-like
competition	Combat	6	maze a bit far from central combat area
gyro		Combat	6	Somebody must have been really bored.
				Giant Octagon, going in circles, center has
				A/F/W, but you have to find the entrance.
wildwest	Combat	6	A western town
heinousII	Combat	6	Not too different.  Big deal
pain		Combat	6	Open warfare and outpost killing
shack		Combat	5	Too many armors, big combat area
Eighty-eight	Combat	5	Too large and heinous
Roger		Combat	5	well... too many zigzags
STOMP		Combat	5	too wide open in places
Savannah	Combat	5	Big spiral and some outposts
Arena1		Combat	5	large track.
ArenaII		Combat	5	too big, like above
Basic		Combat	5	tough one for several players
Blip		Combat	5	no inspiration here
dh1		Combat	5	not bad, not awesome
Crossover	Combat	5	could be better.  Too far away.
dh3		Combat	5	Another one of these blah mazes
Strategy	Combat	4	on the big side, again.
dh2		Combat	4	Poor design layout...
A-mazing	Combat 	4	a bit under average
Box		Combat	4	not too great.
Crossover2	Combat	4	too spread out.
GMOspiral	Combat	4	too much stuff A/W/F
Knock		Combat	4	too big
Commaze1	Combat	4	a little under average
Cross		Combat	4	too many hiding places
Pavillion	Combat	4	silly
Rather		Combat	3	blah, too hard to get anywhere
Pool		Combat	3	Boring, big and open like a pool table
gauntlet	Combat	4	too big, too many armors... need >6
genesis		Combat	3	too many armors, too big
alexmaze	Combat	4	not too well designed space-wise
alley		Combat	3	maze is too large, should be 1/2
aminii		Combat	3	too many armors, too spread out
Asylum		Combat	3	too spread apart
Vortex		Combat	2	boring
grimbohunt	Combat	2	boring, sections are too far separated.
				Probably requires >6 players because of layout.
wilddude	Combat	2	Large, walls, nothing else
dinky		Combat	Test	3x3 empty maze
dookybutt	Combat	Test	1x1 empty maze
frame		Combat	Test	fullscreen empty maze
smallbox	Combat	Test	Not too inspired.
smallish	Combat	Test	Good for several person (>3) combat simulation,
				melee for more.  Nothing in it.
smallishII	Combat	Test	Like smallish, but with A/W/F.

Total		War	8	Wicked...
Total_war	War	8	Almost the same as above.
mazex		War	7	Gee, how come there are so many outposts?
shanegamaze	War	7	confused+interesting. Upper maze looks useless
Variable	War	6	depends on use
DDR		War	5	okay for war.
Warmaze1	War	4	not bad, not awesome


Ultimate
The goal had to be non-completely-exposed, but not too hard to
get to.  I didn't like it if by throwing the disc into or around the
goal region the disc was more or less "locked" there.  That's always
bad.  The playing field had to be either between the goals, or around
the goals.  Too many goals are a no-no, and make for non-skillful,
boring games.  Most Ultimate mazes had to be symmetrical in order to get
good results.  Need walls to bounce the discs off of (important).

moosemaze      Ultimate	10	THE BEST FOR 4-6 player, 2 team ULTIMATE!!!
U4	       Ultimate	8	very good for 4 players,
				tough if players have uneven skill ability
NewFour	       Ultimate	7	pretty good
Octoid	       Ultimate	7	very tough ultimate board
U4-1	       Ultimate	7	tough, until you master it
Ultimate4      Ultimate	6	passable, but open goals
goal22	       Ultimate	6	wall locations leave a bit to be desired,
				goal is still a bit too open to straight tosses
goal3	       Ultimate	6	side pockets are bad... too easy to toss
				right in from 45% angle, or with wall bounces.
goal2	       Ultimate	5	too small, no central divider
FirUlt1	       Ultimate	4	Too many goals...
FourGoals      Ultimate	4  	Doesn't work too awesomely (needs >8)
Foursome       Ultimate	3	Ultimate in this?!?!?
Frisbee	       Ultimate	3	non-protected goals
goal4	       Ultimate	3	huh?  Not that awesome.
goal	       Ultimate	Test	5x5 maze with goal in center
small	       Ultimate	Test	Small maze with 4 goals


Capture
It shouldn't be too hard to get the discs all into the goal (we know how
long this can take even with good players).  Not too many goals.
The playfield shouldn't be too large, and should have some walls to
bounce discs off of.  Goals shouldn't "lock" discs.  Goals shouldn't be
too far from center of playfield.

Capture2	Capture	8	for 2 teams, awesome
Capture4	Capture	7	for 4 teams, great for capture
Capture6	Capture	6	for 6 teams, a bit too big
CaptureX	Capture	7	for 4 teams, closed center


Race
I *wasn't* looking for mazes that were actual labyrinths where
you had to find every turn, and there was only one way out.  These are
too easy to memorize.  I was looking for mazes that had multiple paths,
but none that were too obviously shorter than others (those had to have
something to make up for that, like slow squares).  I also liked the
idea of slip squares near corners, as this made it very tough to
navigate and takes skill to use correctly.  A few races have lots of
outposts, so they fall into the "assault" category, since they require
combat.

Crazed		Race	8	totally heinous
WildMaze	Race	7	A long, involved, dangerous race
Slip_race	Race	7	good race with hard turns
racemaze	Race	7	not bad.  Short, simple, think a little after
				running it a few times.  Good for beginners and
				those who want to sharpen their abilities.
medium.race	Race	6	Racing around, some capability for getting
				completely lost and losing badly.
				Memorization in middle part
race		Race	6	Practice wall dodging, and that's all
Shelter		Race	6	not too bad, not too awesome
Race		Race	5	Just your average race maze
RacerX		Race	5	same thing
Slalom		Race	5	Open areas with outposts at gates between
slalom		Race	Test	Repetitive slalom across entire board
vroom		Race	Test	Single 2 lane slalom

The following mazes were mostly designed by William Chuang, an expert
race and assault (race with combat) maze designer.

The assault series is for single team play, where all players team up
to defeat the maze and exit in the least amount of time.

assault1	Race	7	very tough maze... team play
assault2	Race	8	shorter, more fun, compact, nice areas
assault3	Race	7	incredibly tough.  team play
assault4	Race	6	4 player, diff. team.  Hard.
bassault1	Race	5	team-work, short, easier.
bassault2	Race	6	team-work, short, tough.

The hrace series is for head-to-head single player team competition.
Each player is given an identical maze to race through.  There is no
fighting needed to exit the maze.

hrace1		Race	6	5 player race maze, paths aren't too perfect.
hrace2		Race	5	Boring race, not very well designed, some
				interesting areas, mostly memorization
hrace3		Race	7	Skidding, and tight corners and turns.
hrace4		Race	6	Skidding, but a too large room at center...
				nice sharp turns on skids, and other stuff
hrace5		Race	6	Short, 3 player, fast, some problems with end
hrace6		Race	6	Medium/short length, 4 player, not perfect...

The hassault series is for head-to-head team competition, where each
team is given an identical maze to fight through.  There are many outposts
to defeat to exit the maze.

hassault1	Race	8	Totally heinous, 2 teams of 3, head-to-head
				race to the goal.
hassault2	Race	7	Totally heinous, 2 teams of 3, head-to-head
				race to the goal.  Long.
hassault3	Race	7	Simple 4 teams of 1, easy assault. Takes skill.
hassault4	Race	8	2 teams of 3, short, but hard at high outpost
				strength.  Good team practice
hassault5	Race	8	2 teams of 3, medium/long, hard to negotiate
				unless you are very skilled.  Lots of teamwork
				and strategy in team-building.
hassault6	Race	8	2 teams of 3, medium, teamwork, skill
hassault7	Race	7	2 teams of 4, medium/long.  Another assault,
				medium-level players.
hassault8	Race	9	2 teams of 3, double direction starting coice,
				teamwork.  Neat layout.
hassault9	Race	7	4 single players, race to goal.  TOUGH!
