				Setups

When you click on Play Standard, a vehicle is given to each human
player, and the remaining vehicles are filled with robots.  Everyone
is Neutral, so there are no teams.

When you click on Play Players, a vehicle is given to each human
player.  Each player is Neutral, so there are no teams.

When you click on Play Robots, a few robots are assigned to vehicles
and an automatic battle begins.  You may want to turn on the battle
windows with the 'w' key to see their vital statistics.

When you click on Play Customized, you begin a battle with combatants
which are described in the combatants interface which can be reached
by clicking on Combatants.  This is the only way to set up team games.
It also gives you complete control over the combatants in a game.

Combatants Interface

  Clicking on a grid item will cause it to be highlighted.
    If the right button was clicked, the selection will be erased.

  Clicking on the lower menu which matches the selection inserts that item.
  Clicking on empty space does not affect the selection contents.
    If the left button was clicked, the selection will move right.
    If the middle button was clicked, the selection will move down.
    If the right button was clicked, the selection will not move.

  Clicking on a lower menu which does not match the selection has no effect.

  A combatant without a vehicle is ignored.
  A combatant without a team will default to team neutral.
  A combatant CAN have a player and a program at the same time.

NOTE:

When you set up teams, you must be sure to match the team numbers
that you choose with the team numbers used in the maze you are playing
with.  Most mazes use teams 1 and 2 (with 3, 4, 5, 6 being used if
there are more than 2 teams).  So when you assign teams in the
combatants interface, you should have players on the red and orange
teams.  Yes, this is silly, the game should be able to assign players
to the lowest numbered teams available in the maze, but it doesn't.

When a game starts, vehicles are place in the maze in a semi-random
manner.  Players are put on squares of their own team (unless
they are neutral, in which case it doesn't matter).  They are put on
start squares, if there are any.  If there are no start squares, they
are placed randomly on empty squares.  If there are no empty squares,
then landmark squares are used.  This is important in team games,
since initial placement of players is important.
