
This file contains a record of the modifications to xtank.

After every version number follows a list of the changes made
to the program since the previous version.

v0.01
	Added scoring (+100 for killing a tank, -1 for shooting a bullet)
	Fixed bug with command line entry of maze density
	Made tanks take speed/3 damage in front armor for hitting a wall
	Added pause key to stop action

v0.02
	Added difficulty levels (0-10) that control types of tanks found
	Added primitive expose event handler.
	Density, # of enemies, and difficulty can be changed within game
	Better scoring: 100 for easy tanks, 200/400 for medium, 600 for hard
	Fixed backward crash bug
	Random rotations of tanks and turrets at start of game

v0.10
	Made vehicle objects more general, allowing multiple turrets,
		arbitrary polygons, non-centered turrets, etc.
	Now 4 vehicle objects and 3 bullet objects
	Demo mode which plays game from perspective of each vehicle type.
	Added redesign vehicle option to reallocate armor points as desired
	Random starting location at start of game.
	Removed cheat key 'm' that mapped entire maze.
	Made vehicle control programs more robust and generally smarter.
	Made defaults in brackets for choices.
	Made terminal abstraction to allow multiple players.
	Added a preliminary high score feature.

v0.20
	Now 10 vehicle objects, 14 bullet objects, and 7 explosion objects.
	Vehicle design implemented as separate program
	Multi-player implemented, with robot tanks and humans.
	Overheating implemented.
	Score now based on relative cost of victim.
	Fast high-score database implemented.
	Console, Mapper, and Radar special abilities added
	Robot programs made even smarter, they now hunt you down (slowly)
	Landmarks added for refueling, repairing, and reammoing.
	multiple weapons and multiple turrets fully implemented.
	documentation, credits, and motd are now available from main menu.

v0.50
	Maze design implemented as separate program
	Collision damage made proportional to kinetic energy of collision.
	Improved collision detection implemented (still not perfect).
	Turret turn rate inversely proportional to turret weight.	
	Deceleration rate constant for all vehicles.
	Improved high score list looks.

v0.55
	Names added to vehicle display in multi-player
	Robots smarter in multi-player (they no longer fire randomly)
	Robots given infinite ammo and fuel to prevent ridiculous scores
	  gotten by waiting for the robots to run out of ammo/fuel...
	Minor improvements in change settings questioning
	Improved firing and moving algorithms for robots

v0.60 (Battle version)
	Added xtanklib, a programmer's interface to xtank
	Added battle mode to allow programs to fight each other
	Added message window for programs to display messages

v0.65 (Battle version)
	Added names to vehicle display in all modes
	Minor improvements in change settings questioning

v0.70 (Tournament version)
	Can now switch perspective on battle and track any tank
	Also can enter roving xtank blimp to watch action from anywhere
	Fixed redisplay problems with explosions, and in general.

v0.75 (Test version)
	Added ricochetting bullets option
	Cleaned up many parts of the code
	Bullet vs. wall collisions now done correctly
	Sped up check_time() by a factor of at least 5
	Added done() call to xtanklib so programs don't waste cpu time
	Added discs which orbit vehicles
	Added mines which move for a while and then stop
	Redesign of collision/hit code (modularized)
	Added outposts, destructible walls, scrolling boxes, team owned boxes,
	  slip boxes, slow boxes.
	Prog_desc structure to give useful info about robot programs

v0.85 (Menu version)
	Added machine independent graphics toolkit
	Added support for three graphics systems (x10.c, x11.c, amigagfx.c)
	Added menu toolkit to support heirarachical menus
	Added top-level menu-driven user interface to control program
	Integrated maze design and vehicle design into program
	Revamped physics of game to allow for skidding vehicles
	Added bouncing to vehicle vs. vehicle and vehicle vs. wall collisions
	Added dynamic addition and removal of players
	Added viewing option for vehicles and mazes
	Vehicle design revamped, added treads, bumpers, size, mine layers
	Added new games to play (Ultimate, Capture, War, Race)
	Added point bullets option to speed up bullet display
	
v0.90 (Message version)
	Added message passing code
	Removed obsolete/slow/wasteful/non-portable high score code
	Added dynamic loading of xtank programs.  No need for battle version!
	Fixed combatants menu, giving user full control over combatants list
	Added primitive end of game result display
	Added primitive eliza program to test out xtanklib message functions
	Added Help Pictures, which displays all the pictures

v0.95 (Cleanup version)
	Bound button clicks to return on all input prompts
	Bug fixes for erasing prompts, help window, XGetDefaults, etc.
	Combatant gets 10x points in money when he gets points
	Separated settings flags into separate menu
	Explosion size and bullet types based on vehicle size and ammo left
	Added send button to message window
	Added get_self(), number_vehicles(), and get_team() calls to lowlib
	Added chaser robot that chases discs
	Dynamic linking now links against libc.a
	Added top armor display on the console
	Added Heat seeker weapon that affects top armor
	Added Oil slick weapon that causes vehicle to slide
	Made safe turns default to off
	Scoring now based on ratio between cost of vehicles (not squared)
 	Removed avail_weapons array, putting all info in weapon_stat array
        Cleaned up weapon structure saving 4K
	Cleaned up bullets structure saving 4K
	Fixed dissappearing Random maze menu option
	Added 3D wall display
	Added Heat-seeking missiles and Oil slicks
	Menuized vehicle design

v1.0 (Release version)
	Outposts now move, shoot leading, and can be killed
	Pause mode added back in (this time correctly)
	Added linetext to 3d mode to allow writing on the walls
	Added smart warrior robot, removed tester
	Fixed subtle bug in clear_path and its variants
	Added lowlib functions for getting settings, etc.	
	Added option to have all vehicles start with a full map
	Put abilities in program descriptions
	
